Add deactivation status to mmctl user search output for v10.10 (#8123)
mattermost/docs: source/manage/mmctl-command-line-tool.rst

**Description**

Search for users based on username, email, or user ID. The command returns user information including usernames, email addresses, first and last names, and account status.

> Starting from Mattermost v10.10, the output also includes the user's deactivation status to help administrators identify inactive accounts.

Author: ```suggestion
From Mattermost v10.10, output also includes the user's deactivation status to help system admins identify inactive accounts.
```
